the Hamas militant group has handed over
another batch of hostages the 13
Israelis and four Tha Nationals are now
safe in Israel after the Red Cross
escorted them from Gaza the release was
delayed after Hamas accused Israel of
preventing Aid tracks from reaching
Northern
Gaza afterwards Israel released another
group of 39 Palestinians who had been
held in Israeli prisons they are seen
here in a Red Cross bus arriving to a
welcoming crowd in the West Bank Town of
by tunia this was the second group of
Palestinian prisoners to be freed as
part of the 4-day truce between Israel
and
Hamas Hamas has only agreed to release
50 of about 240 hostages they are
believed to be holding family members
described an agonizing wait for the
second release late Saturday night as
negotiations dragged on for hours the
deal almost collapsing before the
captives were released DWS Ben fulan
spoke to some of them gaed in central
Tel Aviv who say they won't rest until
all the hostages are
freed they're here to give the hostages
left behind a
voice the demonstrators want the Israeli
government to do more it's been 50 days
that's why rally organizers called up a
50,000 strong crowd they say a 100,000
came to what's now known as hostage
Square including family and friends of G
chansy Hamas terrorists took her captive
on October 7 later killing her
brother this 13 years old girl who
doesn't know that her brother was killed
her parents didn't even do a funeral yet
because they're waiting for the girl so
we're really
worried and we want them home she's one
of so many still in captivity with the
clock ticking and a ceasefire that could
break any
[Applause]
time that's not stopping a nation from
uniting people who have um family
members who were murdered are here to
support the people whose families are
are being hostage and I think that means
everything uh the Israeli Society must
rise from this moment and I think this
evening here shows
that even relatives of those already
released to his tonight this symbolic
banquet table finally beginning to fill
with its guests the freed hostages like
Adena
Moshe we are all excited so excited H
the joy of everybody in the family was
amazing yesterday we had shouted of joy
and cheerful once we heard that she and
we saw her a picture through the
Egyptian TV in the vcle of the Kamas
going to be released and you know we
prep prep this type of
shirts which we are not going to use
anymore but uh today we come here to
stand by with the whole families of
hostages because we are one big family
and though they released ad Moshe they
are still over 200 hostages still in
Gaza strep and my family we came more
than 30 people to support and will
continue come we know the whole families
will stay together until everybody is
going to be released and your aunt is
quite defiant I
my aunt is amazing she's powerful lady
even though she's 72 years old when she
go out of the Kamas vle she slapped the
Terrorist on his hand which become viral
everywhere so maybe she's weak in body
but they never managed to break a spirit
she's powerful
one something to celebrate
[Music]
tonight
because who knows what tomorrow will
bring the roller coaster of emotions
continues and this is far from
[Music]
over it's a difficult situation everyone
knows people down here have told me it's
uh they're leaving it up to the
government to do their job but uh prime
minister Benjamin n who repeated it
again today it is one of their
priorities uh releasing these hostages
of course he also wants to defeat Hamas
but releasing the hostages is not the
number one priority and that's what
families down here have a problem
with DW's Tanya Kramer is standing by in
Jerusalem hello Tanya a huge turnout for
that rally at hostage Square in Tel Aviv
is the public pressure on prime minister
bamin Netanyahu increasing or easing due
to the hostage releases by
Hamas
well I think it is both and then we we
heard it in this report I think right
now the focus is on really getting those
uh 50 hostages that were agreed upon in
this uh uh agreement uh out from Gaza
today is the third day uh that we're
expecting again more hostages to be
released in exchange for uh Palestinian
prisoners but of course the pressure on
the government will not subside and and
the huge turnout uh on S night uh at in
Tel Aviv shows that because what people
are really concerned about is that for
now it's you know those 50 hostages um
there's still also uh it's very clear it
is a very fragile process we saw it on
Saturday when you know the hostage uh uh
the freeing of the hostage was uh of the
hostages were was delayed and uh there
will be uh afterwards still almost 200
hostages that will be still being held
uh in Gaza so families there are very
concerned about it but we've also seen a
bit of a smaller demonstration in
Jerusalem in front of the prime
minister's residence uh on Saturday
night uh with people calling for his
resignation and I think at the moment
the focus is of course that the nation
comes together to free those hostages
but the questions how the government
handled it and what has been uh done
these will not subside and they might
grow stronger once you know the hostages
are brought back home as you said it's a
very fragile process there was a lot
more tension on Saturday with a release
process what went
wrong well the delay came after Hamas
accused Israel of violating uh the
agreement uh we know publicly Hamas said
that uh Israel was on the one hand
interfering in this selection process
how the Palestinian prisoners that are
slated to be released that is also every
day um uh were selected and they also
said that no Aid was arriving actually
in the north of Gaza Israel had denied
that and Egyptian and uh katari
mediators interfered they were mediating
and they said they finally solved the
issue and uh the hostages were released
and very late uh on Saturday night they
were handed over to the International
Red Cross uh then were brought uh on the
isra side to the hospitals and they were
overnight then reunited uh with their
families so at one point the Israeli
defense minister said if Hamas would not
release hostages as planned yesterday
negotiations would continue quote Under
Fire was the Israeli military ready to
restart hostilities you
think well I think this threat is always
there because Israel has made it very
clear that you know even once the four
days that have been agreed upon although
there are talks now that they might be
extended that maybe more hostages might
be released uh in exchange for
Palestinian prisoners but that the war
will resume one way or another and this
has been talked about here they have
been very open about it because their
goal is uh to eliminate Hamas and to
dismantle their infrastructures so this
threat is very much always there before
you go Tanya can we expect another
exchange today that seems to be the plan
right that is the plan um we understand
the the prime minister's office has
released a statement that they have
again received a list of names of the
hostages that are expected to be
released today we're expecting it maybe
in the same time frame again in the
afternoon we're not uh yet having all
this uh information about it of course
uh this is a good news because it means
the process is ongoing but it's also
very necessary because humanitarian Aid
organizations are saying they need also
this time to get the aid that is also
part of this uh agreement uh into Gaza
and they're hoping of course that the
time will be extended for that okay did
abuse Tanya ker thank
you